新年快乐！ (#1)
NWYLZW/How-to-publish-a-npm-package: README.md

|en-US|[zh-Hans](./README.zh-Hans.md)

> What the fuck is this question? Maybe you think the question is so foolish when 2025 is coming, but you know what? I can't publish a package with type when I use the exports, it's so incredible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What the fuck is this question? Maybe you think the question is so foolish when 2025 has arrived, but you know what? I can't publish a package with type when I use the exports, it's so incredible.
```
